[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> How do the portals in our
galaxy create the star systems
of the zodiac?
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In this episode,
we will describe
the creation and
design of the star
systems and their patterns.
Usually, we relate the
zodiac system like something
to understand our
personalities, to understand how
we work in life, how we live.
But it's not only that.
The 12 constellations that
create the zodiac system
that we know is a
system, a programming,
that creates the
realities that we
are living, and not only
the personality, but also
the structures of mind and
the structures that goes
through different levels of
vibration and dimensions.
So they are the
portals, the doors,
that imprint the information
from the spiritual mind
to the physical world.
Everything that exists
in the third dimension,
in the physical
realities, is held
by these patterns of energy,
these pulses from the stars
and the suns that are
all around the galaxies.
And this is the way we can
understand how the matrix works
and holds every reality.
We've been explaining
how the time
and space is just one thing in
different states of vibration.
The time is this network
that is like a spider web,
crossing all the
vibration of the universe
and aligning every
pattern of vibration.
And the streams of
these lines of time
are pushed towards
the center to a core
to create a very tight structure
of time that we call gravity.
This pulse of gravity creates
what we call the matter.
The matter starts to
concentrate all the energy
in just one spot.
And through that spot, you
can go through all the times
and all the spaces.
This is what we call a
portal in the first stage.
This portal would
be the place where
every timeline in every space
can be related in just one
spot of the reality,
so you can go
through every vibration in just
one moment or just one spot.
A portal holds so much
gravity and so much
energy from every
timeline and every space
that creates this amount of
energy going and flowing to it.
That is what we call
a star, black hole,
the core of a galaxy.
This core, in which every
dimension and every vibration
is connected, creates
this path through
the high-level vibrations of the
dimensions, like seven, eight,
nine, six, into the ones
that are more physical,
like the patterns of
the fifth, the fourth,
and the third dimension.
So these structures
creates these lines
that are connecting every
timeline and every space
through the mind
of the universe,
and that allows the
universe to breathe from in
and outside all the
information of the mind.
The main structure
that was created
through this squeeze of energy
and this stretch of energy
through time and space were
in the sixth dimension.
The sixth dimension
created the first patterns
in which we could
see and understand
the shape in how these
portals were created.
These portals would have
now the shape of geometry.
And these shapes of
geometry would teach us
that every spot was a
portal to go through
and to see every reality
from one spot to another one,
and bending the atoms,
creating these fractals,
so you can see every shape,
every form of the universe.
So when you go to
the portals, you
will reach the information
of the whole universe.
But in order to see and to be
aligned with that information,
you need to go through
the lines, which
is the process of
enlightening or rise up
in your level of
vibration so you could
match with the information.
Imagine that you have to go
from the point A to point B,
and you need to get in the
same level of vibration
to the point B in order to
receive the information,
because you are low vibration,
and you need a high vibration
to understand this
information that
goes through time and space.
So that means that,
in order to get there,
you need to work
on your vibration
to be rise up so you can reach
and match this new information.
So this is the patterns
that were created
in the sixth dimension that
we call the initiatic path
of the being, of the realities.
These structures, these beings,
were transforming every reality
so we could
understand how to move
through the different
processes of the portals
and to see, feel, and
experience every information
of the universe.
So, in order to reach
that spot, in order
to reach that new
information, you
needed to go through the
shapes of the trinity.
You need to go from
point A to B and then C,
because the point
C in the matter
would be the third
dimension that
allows you to see the
whole process you have
to take to understand
everything,
to understand why you, at the
first stage, decided to create,
to express, and to
experience this reality.
So you need the trinity to
understand why you created,
what is the purpose
of your creation,
and then experiencing it
so you can understand it
from the self.
All this process
of trinity is how
we can see all the spectrum
of the icosahedron.
The icosahedron is formed by
all these structures of trinity
and all bounded by the core.
They create these
patterns inside that
are the main
tetrahedrons that creates
the pattern of
positive, negative,
and the neutral
reality in the core.
This structure would help
us to understand the path
that we have to take
in order to follow
the process of evolution.
And once you have this structure
in the sixth dimension,
to download it into the fourth
and the third dimension,
you need a huge
amount of energy.
And that is why every
one of those patterns
start to duplicate, multiply
itself for thousands
and many thousands.
And these high
vibrations that we
need to reach the
information of every spot,
and they start to
split in so many
that there is so much energy
around and spinning, that it
creates the atomic energy,
and then the creation of what
we call the stars, the solar
systems, and all the matter
that we have today.
This reality that was created
through this sixth dimension,
what it did was to
put in a physical way
these portals around
every reality.
So if every galaxy has a
spot in the middle from where
everything came from,
and all the projection
of the icosahedron; dodecahedron
start to split like a torus
around to hold this matter
that is being created,
the portals of those structures
in the sixth dimension
will be physical in the galaxies
with the shape of stars.
The stars are the
spots through where
the energy of every
portal go through.
But in order to understand
the purpose of those stars,
you need to reach the patterns
that hold them together.
You need to see not
only the stars, but also
the space in
between them, so you
could see the shape
of that structure that
holds the whole portal.
A portal is not just one
star or just one spot.
It's the conjunction of many
of those spots that were split.
Like, if you want to find
the main core of a tree,
you have to see every
branch, and then you
will understand
that they all are
connected to just one trunk.
This structure will
help us to understand
that every flower is a sun
and every leaf is a world.
And when you see all these
branches, what you will realize
is that they all form a pattern
that connects to the Earth
through just one
branch or one trunk.
So if you take the whole
shape of a star system,
connecting all these
spots, you will
have the lines of
evolution, and you
will have the lines
of the sixth dimension
in order to connect
them all to just one
spot, which is the core and the
vacuum towards the everything.
This structure in
the sixth dimension
imprinted in the third
dimension is what
we call the constellations.
We have thousands and
millions of constellations.
Constellations are not just
a few stars that face Earth.
We just know 12 of them,
because from our planet,
we reach these 12 phases
in our perspectives.
But from other planets,
we have other structures,
other constellations.
The pattern of 12
phases is what helps
us to understand that
everything that has a sphere
shape, like the
planets, the suns,
has 12 spots through
where the information can
be breathed into the matter.
So every sphere in the universe
has to see into 12 perspectives
so it could download
the information
from every one of the portals.
For each constellation in
each galaxy, each planet,
the 12 phases would
be very different.
So for Gludok, we had
also 12 constellations,
but they were nothing like what
we have here in our planet.
Normally, the constellations
has an encoded pattern
that shows the way in which
every species understand
these structures that
holds and creates reality.
From the perspective of
Earth, these dimensions
that we can see all around
in the constellations
are the 12 phases of time.
These 12 phases of time helps
us to understand that every time
that the planet is
going around the sun,
we will understand that
each one of those portals
will imprint their stamp.
They will give us
their energy to create
a civilization, a
reality, a life,
according to the energy that
flows through those stars.
That created the idea
of the zodiac system.
The zodiac system
is a way in which
we could relate the stars to
understand which energy was
flowing through its portals.
We call it zodiac because
we put animals on it,
and the ancient word in
Greek for animals is "zoo".
So we call those
structures like animals
because we related the aspects,
the information, the emotions,
the data that we could download,
the attributes of these phases
of our sky, with
attributes that animals
and beings in our
planet has, so it
was easier for us to understand
how this information was
downloaded here on Earth.
When, in the ancient
times, we understood
that our ancestors
came from those stars,
from those
constellations, we also
understood that the
characteristics that they had
were also the characteristics
that shapes our civilization.
So from each time
period on Earth,
the past civilizations
understood
that the information of those
species and those stories
and those informations that
came from those portals
were shaping the ideas
of who we are on Earth.
So that is how we understood how
the geometry of the structure
of the universe
were shaping time
and space in our realities.
Every being that is
in the third dimension
is ruled by these phases that
creates every other pattern
within them.
We are the conjunction of
every timeline and space.
We are this mass
of energy that is
being held by all the
gravitational energies and all
the timelines and all
the vibrations that
are around the universe and
that flows through the portals.
So every reality
that we have now here
is a fractalization of
those 12 first portals.
So that is why, whatever
happens or however
we feel through these
portals in the sky,
we are the modeling
of those informations.
We are the product
of these pulses
of energy from those stars.
So as we on Earth
are really touched
by the energy of the
sun, the moon when
it's night, when it's
day, and all our lives
are built because of that.
We work by day.
We seek for food by day.
We grow our food by day.
We do our connections by day.
And by night, we go to sleep.
So we did this
kind of connection
that night is the moment where
you can feel the spirits,
where you can feel
other dimensions,
while during the day,
you can feel the Earth.
You can enjoy the reality.
And we can understand how
the moon moves the water
and moves our emotions.
Imagine that that also
happened with the streams that
connects us through the
gravity of all the stars
through the galaxy.
So even if it's a tiny
energy that touches us
from the very far
boundaries of the galaxy,
this energy has been
flowing through the universe
from very--
way before we were here.
So our structures were built by
the gravity of all the galaxy.
We are not just from Earth.
We are the product
of all these portals
that were pushing and
pulsing these energies
through the realities.
And that is why,
for every being that
is in different dimensions,
it's so important
to understand the patterns
of this zodiac system.
For us, it's important
to understand ours.
We have many ways
to understand it.
Chinese has some ways
Egyptian people had a
different way, European people.
In Mexico, they have another
way of the 12 phases of the sky.
So everyone has many phases
and many constellations.
But 12 of them were
the most important
that shaped our ideas.
This was not something
that we created here
as an idea in humanity.
This was something
settled by the structure
of the sixth dimension.
So the four first
beings that were
created from the sixth
dimension were the species
of earth, fire, air, and water.
And these four
species shaped itself
in different vibrations, in
different symphonies, so they
could create the
patterns, the path,
to recognize the evolving
process of spirits
in the matter.
These species
created the pattern
of Earth, in which
we first on Earth
had to understand the
importance of matter.
After we understand the
importance of matter,
we need to understand the
order of all this reality.
After we understand
the order, we
need to create our own reality.
So we prove and
we see the matter.
We put order in the matter.
And through that order, we
start to create our own reality.
This was the trinity
of the process
that the Earth species
has to work with.
So every being that was in the
third-dimensional realities
had to follow that pattern.
Then we have the water pattern.
The water pattern shows
us that every energy that
was split in the
dimensions was just
the fertilization and the
distortion of the main reality
of the main mind.
So we have to go
deep in the darkness
to follow and to seek that part.
The pattern of the water
brings us from the darkness
to the love, to the
meaning of the emotion.
And then we have to
understand that everything
that was created
is the mind that
is connected in this big ocean
that we call the universe.
So everything that exists
is the same body connecting
through the waves of time.
So that's why the
water beings understood
the process of trinity--
go into the darkness,
seek everything
that was divided in the
depth, then find the process
of giving it a meaning.
And then we see
the whole pattern
that connects everything, the
dark part, the light part,
everything in just
one, to understand
that we are all just one being.
Then the beings of fire had
to go through the trinity that
represented the
strength, represented
the will, those who had to
fight to enlight the energy.
The first stage of the fire is
just to mess everything around
and to create chaos
in the universe,
so then you can understand
how you can rule that chaos.
This chaos that you have
created in this second stage
of the fire process
is when the being
starts to recognize itself
like the empowered one.
It's the heart chakra.
And from them, we have to spread
the order, the mind, the ego,
to other beings.
The process would be
to understand that we
are playing with reality.
Then we have to rule
ourselves in this play
that we have created.
And then we have to
share our learnings
of who we are with every being
that we have created before.
This is a process of fire to
share the energy of creation.
Then we have the process of air.
The trinity of the
beings of air would
be to create every belief,
every religion, every pattern
of our own ideas, to see
different perspectives
of ourselves and to be
related to all those aspects.
Then we have to put
them all together,
to put balance in
all these thoughts.
So we need to clarify our
mind and to find the justice
in between all of them, to
find the order in the mind
that we have within.
And once you have the
order in the mind,
you reach the third
process of air, which is
creating through your own mind.
You are not this
creation by others' mind,
but your mind is creating
everything around.
So these processes that
we have are the 12 path
that you have to take
in every dimension.
It's not just for humans.
This is for every being
in every dimension.
Everyone has to go through
all these processes
before they get to the core,
to the ninth dimension.
The trinity pattern that we
have to follow from Earth
imprints the attributes
of the stars in ourselves.
So this is through magnetism
that, by resonance,
the stars, the vibration of the
stars, the pulses of the stars,
are molding the
shapes of our bodies.
So this is like
how vibration works
when you change the
vibration in one spot,
and this being that is related
to this other vibration
starts to rise its
own vibration to be
aligned with the first one.
So if every constellation
was the main portal
to bring that information
to our worlds,
so everything that was
created through those portals
would attach the same
amount of vibration.
And by relation, they
will mold this reality
that is a fractal from
its own vibration.
So that is how the
constellations shape us,
and they, just by resonance,
awaken the potential
that we have from them within.
We are stardust.
We were born through the stars.
So at the moment when the
constellations billions
of years ago were
settled, and they
start to create these
trees that connects
all the patterns
around, they would rise
and would fill all the space.
So the potential that they
were spreading in our realities
created the life in
different worlds.
We are one of those.
So our stardust, the
creation of our matter,
is just a physical reaction
of how the stars were created.
And that is why whenever,
whatever happens
to us in our world, when it's
changing, when it's turning,
when it's spinning, they
can activate in ourselves
the same vibration
that they have.
And this is how a portal
activates by vibration
from the higher-level
dimensions to the physical ones.
We are all bounded
by these 12 phases
in every part of every
galaxy and every planet.
So everything that is
projected from the portals
creates everything
that we understand here
in these realities.
So that is why it's
important to understand
that the zodiac is not
something that just
talks about our personalities.
It's something that
is molding realities.
It's the trees of
life, the trees
that opens the information
through the mind,
and that we are the
projection of these 12 phases.
So understanding
them and learning
about the attributes
of each one of them
would help us to
learn about ourselves,
about our own
creation, and the tools
that we have to reach the
information in every dimension.
The zodiac is the process
towards evolution.
So it's just a way in which
the ancient people tried
to explain, by animals, by
emotions, by stories, what
was the information that
each one of those portals
has to give us so
we could evolve
and we could become aware of
who we are and use it, use
that energy and
that information,
to create our own realities.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In the next episode,
we will explore
the use of trinity
in the portals
and how it unites
body, soul, and mind.